
# WaitDialog
## waitdialog@1.0.0

A marketplace component for loading screens.

## Installation: 
- Open the **Marketplace - beta** on the right corner at Smartface IDE & download **waitdialog**

## Features:
- Activity Indicator
- Gif Indicator
- Image Indicator

## Usage : 

- You need to require it on the page you want to use first.
```javascript
const WaitDialog = require("sf_modules/WaitDialog");
```
- Then you want to show it on the screen.
```javascript
WaitDialog.show();
```
- Lastly you need to hide it.
```javascript
WaitDialog.hide();
```

## Theming and customization

> The default theme implementation is under `/themes/baseTheme/styles/WaitDialog.json` file. DO NOT make changes on this file.

> To change the themes as you like, simply create `themes/${selectedTheme}/styles/WaitDialog.json` with your changed styles. You can find best practices for theming under [smartface documentations.](https://developer.smartface.io/docs/using-themes-in-apps)

Default indicator is ActivityIndicator. You can customize it from ```.waitDialog-indicator``` class inside **json file (WaitDialog.json)**. If you want to use different indicator like Gif Indicator or Image Indicator. First edit the **default** property to gifIndicator or imgIndicator from **json file (WaitDialog.json)**. After that you need to give **gifImage** property for gifIndicator, **image** property for imgIndicator.

#### Example usage of GifIndicator

- Do not forget to put your gif into assets folder!
```json
".waitDialog": {
    "default": "gifIndicator",
    "&-gifIndicator": {
        "gifImage": "example.gif"
    }
}
```

#### Example usage of ImgIndicator

- Do not forget to put your image into images folder!
```json
".waitDialog": {
    "default": "imgIndicator",
    "&-imgIndicator": {
        "image": "indicator.png"
    }
}
```

## Update
- Run `npm install` under scripts directory. Running `npm update` WILL NOT sync the package with the npm.

## Feedback
* [File an issue](https://github.com/smartface/sf-component-waitdialog/issues)
* Follow [@smartface](https://twitter.com/smartface_io) and let us know what you think!

Author: alim.oncul@smartface.io generated by **smartface** 2019.
    
